It seems that after borrowing the soul,
In the interior of my ten air-traffic, a contemptuous attack is even more impossible to fight practically.
Isn't that right?
Dance floor carved porcelain
Now you're all rolled up like this.
Girl, what do you mean?
The key is here today.
No need for the girl to talk.
Hey, don't hide.
These two friends you can see.
He fell from above.
No, I hit him on purpose.
It has nothing to do with me.
In the middle of the day, what system do you and I pull together?
The girl please respect herself.
Lie there.
Don't worry.
That's reassuring.
I have to go.
What are you doing? Get in the car.
Applause.
Sallow me a bunch of shit
Get out.
This time I will make you live and not die.